you know rear don't you laughs you know
you threw out down there by BMW place
the motorcycle shop we are capitalists
but we're supposed to be Christians and
Christians and capitalism I'm here to
tell you that focal red and not be that
were saying it but but Jesus Christ was
not a capitalist he was not accountant
to this Jesus Christ said one day they
brought him a supposed to be something
was going to stop him and make him look
bad in public and they said should we
pay tribute to Caesar or not what did
Jesus say give me a drachma he said
whose images on it what superscription
do you see what writing of the orders
sees as they say alright he handed back
to give to Caesar what Caesar's and give
to God what dollars now if there was not
a distinction between what capitalism
gets and what God gets he would not have
made the distinction there are things
that belong to God and there are things
that belong to the state and we as
Christians must honor the state but dog
gets more high honor and we never get a
cab to this nation must be in the world
but not of it which means that we must
not have a mindset of greed and give and
I got to have more and whenever I it
takes to get my hand in your pocket
that's what I'm going to preach to you
because I want that car down the street
so I'm going to priest is not and get
your money out of your pocket god forbid
and Wesley should I would be so crazy
because I am responsible for the souls
in front of me and so are these false
preachers that you wonder why the church
is so apostate today why so many people
are in the church but not Christian it's
because of the false teaching from the
false leaders and God is fed up with it
this is shame shame on you church save
for the terms for being so wildly so
capitalistic so greedy this prosperity
stuff is capitalism in Jesus name no God
wants holiness in Jesus name he was
right to stiffen Jesus name it's the
love of money that's at the root of all
evil that what the Bible says and what
more evil could there be let the corrupt
the gospel of the good news of the
kingdom of Jesus Christ than to make it
all about making money what could be
more evil than that this love of money
has corrupted the gospel in this nation
and made so many really after filthy
lucre more than anything else my friends
someone lead us in a selection and what
I want you to be thinking about as we
close this message is what do I do now
when you hear a word like this what do
you do you scratch your head walk out
you say County so did tell them today
what do you go out and do something
different with your life do you make a
change
I'm here to tell you this time for
change it's time for people in churches
all of America to see their passes out
sick and tired of this pavlo gospel give
me the good news give me the word give
me the word hallelujah sense bless the
Lord see can we come to our feet can we
get the daughter praise went on to be
different because the holy people behold
if I am wholly the Lourdes it'll change
because this is America in 2009 is still
the truth you are looking for church
without Roderick still ease will you be
ready to receive hallelujah is that once
a day you say yes Lord there is no bras
Jesus be seated amen how the church say
Amen can you say after me false
preachers ah kk + false doctrine haha
batroun equals an apostate Church a
church